## 2.2.0
### New Features
* Export Excel files with shapes to pdf.
* Cut/copy ranges between different workbooks.
* Copy/move worksheet between different workbooks.
* Control whether to adjust page breaks after inserting/deleting rows/columns.
* Customize the row/column/cell delemiter when loading or saving csv file.
* Set the tail repeated rows and right repeated columns when saving to pdf.
* Support for paste options during copy and paste ranges.
* Support IRange.find() and IRange.replace() methods.
* Show or hide different kinds of pivot table styles.
* Support for exporting pivot table styles to pdf.
* Support setting the number format for each pivot field.
* Japanese ruby can now be preserved after Excel I/O.
* Get and customize each page settings before saving to pdf file.
* Render any sheet range inside a pdf file.
* Keep rows/columns togother when saving to pdf.
* Save multiple workbooks to one pdf file.
* Export specific pages from spreadsheet to pdf
* Save multiple spreadsheet pages into one pdf page.
* Support IRange.autoFit method to fit rows/columns.
* Support IRange.FormulaArrayR1C1 property to get or set array formula in R1C1 format.
* Support more import flags during open an Excel file.
* OLEObject will be preserved after Excel I/O.
* Support Shrink to fit, wrapped text while saving to pdf.
### Bug fixed
* GcExcel ignores 'ignore_empty' parameter in TEXTJOIN formula.(DOCXLS-970)
* Large JSON file generated when using ToJson on a particular Workbook.(DOCXLS-968)
* UsedRange.Value sets improper values to the range when Formula is set to Empty.(DOCXLS-956)