## 3.1.0
### Added
* Support for charts/images/conditional formatting in Templates.
* Support exporting formulas in Templates.
* Support global settings in Templates.
* Support converting Excel objects(chart/shape) to image formats.
* Support password protected workbook and worksheet.
* Support adding Error Bars in Chart.
* Support text angle of chart title/axis tick label/data label.
* Support alignment of Shape's TextFrame.
* Add image to specific range.
* Support Gradient Fill Type enum in Shapes.
* Support creating chart/shape/pictures with a custom name.
* Enhanced Background image support for printing to PDF.
* Get pagination info for printing to PDF.
* Support Transparent Cell Background color in PDF.
* Support worksheet JSON I/O.
* Support Outline column to display hierarchical data in saved PDF.
* Support data binding of Range, Table and Worksheet.
* Return errors from JSON Import in GcExcel.
### Fixed
* Filtered data cannot be re-displayed after JSON(made by SJS) I/O in GcExcel.(DOCXLS-1646)
* Exception occurs on loading specific ssjson.(DOCXLS-2158)
* Exception may occur on exporting certain Excel sheets with charts to PDF (DOCXLS-2094)
* Hiding fixed columns and rows causes incorrect display in Excel file.(DOCXLS-2020)
* Pagination is inconsistent with SpreadJS when the form is exported to PDF.(DOCXLS-2159)
* JSON file size is bigger when converted using GcExcel vs Online designer tool.(DOCXLS-1905)
* The Value property value of the ComboBox cell is lost after JSON I/O.(DOCXLS-2029)
* NullPointerException may occur on loading certain Excel file and saving it. (DOCXLS-2041)
* Conditional formatting is lost if the rule references another sheet.(DOCXLS-2093)