## 3.2.0
## Added
* Support for generating PDF Form from Excel Templates.
* Support using sparklines and tables in Excel Templates.
* Support defining Fixed layout for Excel report and fill data in specific range.
* Support exporting workbook/worksheet/range to HTML.
* Support Digital Signatures API: add and sign signature lines, add and sign non-visible signatures, verify signatures, etc.
* Pivot Table enhancements: create multiple files from one Pivot Field, Defer updating, Sorting, Field layout settings, etc.
* Support adjustment of shape z-order.
* Support image quality when exporting to PDF.
* Support Picture Transparency when adding Images to Excel.
* Support more SpreadJS features: show or hide horizontal and vertical grid lines, freeze trailing rows/columns, etc.

## Fixed
* Object reference error on converting the Workbook to JSON with DataValidation definitions.(DOCXLS-2659)
* ToJSON method throws error when cell has formatter on Linux.(DOCXLS-2679)
* FromJSON method takes long time to import ssjson file using GcExcel.(DOCXLS-2656)
* Some content displays incompletely in exported PDF.(DOCXLS-2737)
* Program does not end and CPU utilisation is 100% when exporting to PDF.(DOCXLS-2744)
* There is messy code in exported image generated by sheet toImage() method on Linux OS.(DOCXLS-2478)
* Program does not end and CPU utilisation is 100% when exporting to PDF.(DOCXLS-2744)
* There is messy code in exported image generated by sheet toImage() method on Linux OS.(DOCXLS-2478)