## 4.0.0
## Added
* Support for new PDF Form custom input types in Excel Templates with advanced input and validation settings.
* Support for adding, modifying and deleting Pivot Charts in Excel documents.
* Support for iterative calculations in Excel documents.
* Add Barcodes on PDF, HTML or Image Export
* Support cross-workbook formula.
* Support setting default value for template cell.
* Get range address to get cell's address.
* Add page printing events to track progress of Excel to PDF conversion.
* Select multiple worksheets.
* Get special cells in a range.
* Disable auto grouping for date/times in PivotTable.
* Add more features for GrapeCity SpreadJS integration: cell buttons, radio and checkbox list cell type, etc.

## Fixed
* PivotTable MergeLabel's merged area is incorrect.(DOCXLS-3181)
* PivotTable.DataBodyRange throws exception.(DOCXLS-3283)
* Can't open the xlsx when the pivot source contains null values.(DOCXLS-3285)
* Failed to export an Excel with pivot table.(DOCXLS-3297)
* Program does not end and CPU utilisation is 100% when exporting to PDF.(DOCXLS-2744)
* Broken Excel file is generated when copying a sheet.(DOCXLS-3252)
* ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException when generating JSON.(DOCXLS-3165)
* When margins are set to the same value, the rendering position is not the same in PDF.(DOCXLS-3211)
* Labels does not merge in exported xlsx file.(DOCXLS-3262)
* SUM is calculated incorrectly when using GcExcel template functionality.(DOCXLS-3267)
* PDF form is not displayed when 'printed' and 'hidden' settings are false in form field.(DOCXLS-3275)
* Rows are not repeating while using GcExcel Template.(DOCXLS-3278)
* Null exception is thrown during loading ssjson.(DOCXLS-3290)
* Null exception is thrown when calling Workbook.Calculate.(DOCXLS-3299)
* The text in exported image is wrong.(DOCXLS-3314)
* The pivot table label does not merge in exported xlsx file.(DOCXLS-3262)